1. The product owner is responsible for overlooking development tasks amongst their team and ensuring that their team's work is bringing value to the company. They set directions for the team, handle release management and stakeholder management. A product owner is need to drive a product cycle. In a non-Agile project, a product manager is equivalent to the product owner.

2. A scrum master is mainly responsible for overseeing the scrum process and leading all agile methodology developments within the team. The scrum master handles all scrum related tasks from JIRA tooling to facilitating sprints and meetings, and standups. A product owner oversees and manages the product and lifecycle within a team. The product owner is responsible for helping create the product roadmap with internal and external stakeholders, ensuring their team's developments are working towards the product vision and working with the scrum master to prioritize tasks within a team.

3. The 3 types of meetings that happen during a sprint cycle are the sprint planning meeting, daily scrum/standup meeting and sprint retrospective meeting. In the sprint planning meeting, there is discussion for what to complete in the coming sprint and sotries in the sprint scope need to be moved from backlog to current sprint. In the daily scrum/standup meeting, there is discussion for work that is completed, work plan for the day and any blockers. In the sprint retrospective meeting, there is discussion for what work is complete and to move incomplete work to backlog, and to close the sprint.

4. A story is a software system requirement that is expressed in a few short sentences. An epic helps capture a large body of work that can be broken down into several smaller stories and is represented as the largest unit of work in JIRA. A bug is a problem that impairs or blocks the development of a product and is represented as the smallest unit of work in JIRA. A task is work assingned to a team or team members that are to be done during development.  
